# UTwente--Geospatial-Data-Analysis-Spatiotemporal-Machine-Learning-with-Python

## Overview of the course
In various domains, including Earth, climate, and environmental sciences, large amounts of observational data are continuously collected by various kinds of sensing technologies. This data often contains geographical coordinates and a time stamp. Hence representing important sources of spatiotemporal information that accumulates over time. This leads to the practical problem of unraveling the complex interactions hidden in this data and of transforming this data into actionable information that, for instance, supports decision-making.

In this course, we consolidate and expand the contents offered in the scientific geo-computing course (phase 1).  More specifically we cover various Python-based analytical solutions to organize and explore spatio-temporal data. We present the use of Jupyter Notebooks to create interactive analytical environments. We also present various go-computational approaches that help to improve our understanding of geographic processes and/or to extract actionable geo-information from spatio-temporal data. Special attention is paid to data mining and machine learning methods. These methods allow innovative uses of heterogeneous datasets and have proven their value in solving a variety of social, environmental, and scientific problems that were deemed wicked or, even, intractable. In short, this course aim at strengthening your ability to construct custom analytical solutions to deal with spatiotemporal data, an essential capability of Geoinformatics specialists. The analytical approaches and tools introduced in this course will be applied to agricultural case studies, which will be realized as a group (±4 members) project. 
